[EDU-3699] refactor: update guides marketplace - EN (#638)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/integrations/scheduled-blocking/index.mdx

Done. Now you've instantiated the rule for your function.

### Setting up the integration

To instantiate the **Scheduled Blocking** integration, while still on the **Edge Firewall** page, select the **Functions** tab and follow these steps:

1. Click the **Add Function** button.
2. Give an easy to remember name to your instance.
3. On the dropdown menu, select the **Scheduled Blocking** function.

This action will load the function, showing a form with the source code of the function and, just above it, two tabs: **Code** and **Args**. 

> By clicking the **Code** tab, you'll be able to navigate through the source code but not to change it. In the same box, there's the **Args** tab, which is where you'll pass the parameters you want to use with your integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By clicking the **Code** tab, you'll be able to navigate through the source code but not change it. In the same box, there's the **Args** tab, which is where you'll pass the parameters you want to use with your integration.
```

| `static_response_data.message` | String | Allows you to customize the message displayed in the static response page. |
| `static_response_data.html` | String | Allows you to provide a custom HTML to be used when delivering the static response. |

:::note

> For `static_response` parameter in `action`, you can define the status code that will be used in the response, as well as set a custom HTML page that will be delivered to your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `static_response` parameter in `action`, you can define the status code that'll be used in the response, as well as set a custom HTML page that'll be delivered to your users.
```
